Azure that provides a centralized location for storing and managing data in the cloud. It allows you to securely store and access various types of data, including files, blobs, queues, and tables, across all Azure services.
Blob Storage is essentially a service for storing large amounts of text or binary data, such as images, audio, video files, and other types of unstructured data.
Block blobs: Used for storing text and binary data, up to about 4.75 TiB in size. They are composed of blocks, which are managed individually.
Append blobs: Optimized for append operations, making them ideal for scenarios such as logging data from virtual machines
Page blobs: Used primarily for VHD (Virtual Hard Disk) files that serve as disks for Azure virtual machines. They can be up to 8 TiB in size.
Azure File Storage provides fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via the SMB (Server Message Block) and NFS (Network File System) protocols
Azure Queue Storage is a service for storing large numbers of messages. These messages can be accessed from anywhere in the world via authenticated HTTP or HTTPS calls. Queue Storage is often used to create a reliable messaging between application components or microservices.
Azure Table Storage is a NoSQL data with a schema-less design.

Site Recovery replicates workloads running on physical and virtual machines (VMs) from a primary site to a secondary location. When an outage occurs at your primary site, you fail over to a secondary location, and access apps from there.

Load balancer           scope
Frontend IP config      condition signal log source
Backend Pools           action group
Health Probes
Load Balancing rule
Inbound NAT Rules

Implement Tagging and Cost Management
Licensing Costs
Auto scaling for paas
Vm Shutdown enable schedule
Removed Unused and detached Disks, 
retenstion period for backup restore point, law logs and snapshots.
perefer the serverless model
Leverage Spot Instances
Use Reserved Instances and Savings Plans
Optimize Storage Costs 
Rightsizing Resources SKU tier based on the usage
Finally conduct monthly costing review based on the checklist
Invoke-Command -ComputerName   (Get-Content C:\it\servers.txt) -scriptblock {hostname} -credential cloudops_admin | Out-File -LiteralPath  "C:\it\test.txt

